One of the bracelets.
It's right with me.
It's this bracelet.
You didn't steal this bracelet, did you?
This pair of bracelets is anti-theft.
Extraction complex
And the way
Only Me
The Way of He Shixian
But how can we believe your face?
Yes!
This is completely different from Mr. Kobayashi.
You are really Li Mo
This is the real daughter in front of you.
And Li Mo's daily necessities
The comparison report of the extracted fingerprints
Look at them as the same person
No wonder.
The woman on the stage failed to authorize her fingerprints
It was a fake
Brother, we were all deceived by him.
Duobao is really you
Sister is really you
Such a thing
Do you remember?